# Raw data for *Optimizing superlattice bilayer graphene for a fractional Chern insulator*

This is a repository of the raw data used to generate the plots in Ault-McCoy et al., *Optimizing superlattice bilayer graphene for a fractional Chern insulator*,
arXiv:2505.05551. All data was generated by numerical exact diagonalization of the single-particle Hamiltonian described in the paper.

## Description of the data and file structure

The data is stored in compressed binary numpy files (generated with numpy v2.2) in the `raw` directory. Units for all quantities are as in the paper. Each file name
consists of underscore-separated sections. The first section describes the category of data (and thus also of the corresponding plot it was used to generate) contained.
There are then zero or more sections describing optional parameters used during data generation, followed by a fixed number of required, positional parameters which are unique to
each category. The details are as follows:
- Files beginning with `scan` include data generated over some range of `vsl` and `v0` values, with other model parameters held fixed. The optional parameter with prefix
`a` defines the value of the screening constant `alpha`. The optional parameter `50nm` specifies that a 50 nm superlattice is used instead of the default
30 nm. The optional parameter `sq` indicates that a square superlattice is used instead of the default triangular geometry. The six required positional parameters describe
the minimum, maximum, and number of values of `vsl` and `v0` scanned, respectively.
- Files beginning with `scana` include data generated over some range of `alpha` values with other model parameters held fixed. The first two positional parameters specify
the values of `vslbar` and `v0`. The last three describe the minimum, maximum, and number of values of `alpha` scanned.
- Files beginning with `scanl` include data generated over some range of superlattice length scales `l` with other model parameters held fixed. The three positional parameters
describe the minimum, maximum, and number of values of `l` scanned.
- Files beginning with `single` represent quasimomentum-resolved quantities (such as band structure and local quantum geometry) for a single set of fixed model parameter values.
The optional parameter `sq` specifies that a square superlattice is used rather than the default triangular geometry. The two positional parameters specify the value of
`vsl` and `v0`.

## Sharing/Access information

This data is also hosted at [https://github.com/daultmcc-sbu/arxiv_2505_05551_data](https://github.com/daultmcc-sbu/arxiv_2505_05551_data).

## Code/Software

The plots included in the paper can be generated from this raw data by running `python make_plots.py` in the root of the directory. Requires Python 3.10, numpy v2.2, and
matplotlib v3.10. The plots will be output in the `plots` directory.
